Welcome back everybody.
First off, let me apologize for
getting the tutorials out so late
but I've been struggling with this on end.
Due to the fact that I've
encountered so many problems
while creating a Live USB for a Mac
I do not recommend this set-up at all.
But since some of you have asked for the procedure
I'm gonna do it too anyway.
Be warned that you can
permanently damage your Mac,
that it can literally go down.
The only thing that you'll be
able to do afterwards is reinstall it.
So I would advise you to get a back-up
and if you absolutely don't have to do this
I mean, I wouldn't recommend
it. That's what I'm trying to say.
As it can cause a lot of problems for you
and it can be a very painful experience.
I will set out the procedure,
I've simplified it somewhat
and you don't have to go into
the forums and so on and so forth,
hopefully that is, so you'll be
able to do it, but be warned.
I wish to build a fence
around myself here, so to say.
On a 2013 in your Macs,
this shouldn't be a problem
at all, you'll be able to
do a fairly simple procedure,
a lot simpler than this, but on older Macs,
I'm afraid that the
procedure is somewhat different
and a bit more complicated and does carry in it
an inherent risk that you might
mess your Mac up permanently.
You will have to reinstall and do stuff like that.
Just a suggestion.
For 2013 Macs here's a...
I'm not gonna go
through that as it's fairly simple.
You need a Mac Linux USB loader.
You can get it from Seven Hub, I think.
This is Unetbootin, we're gonna need that for
later, but first off, let's go with the USB loaders,
so "mac usb loader".
SevenBits. GitHub. There you go.
You can get it from here,
just download it, that's it.
You all know how to download a file.
You can see it here, it's in the Downloads folder,
move it to your Applications folder,
so it should be here.
I assure you it is here, I just can't find it.
Ah, there we go. So Mac Linux USB Loader,
you can see it there,
I've got the Mac ports above.
So it says Mac Linux USB Loader.
You won't be able to start it, or use it until...
or at least I don't believe
that you will be able to do it
until you actually go into System Preferences,
Security & Privacy, unlock this.
And then, allow apps downloaded from anywhere.
To run, basically. So you will
need to tick all this, this might
put your computer at somewhere of a risk, but
as I said, this is not
a recommended procedure at all.
So go ahead and close this,
just fire up Mac Linux USB creator
and here you have
Persistence Manager, Create Live USB.
All you need really is an image and
just use this tool to create it and then boot it.
Should work without any problems
on 2013 and newer MacBook Pros.
I didn't really intend to go
through the detailed steps here
as it's, I mean, not that required.
I will show you how to
format a USB and you will need
to format a USB in a proper
manner regardless of whether you are
on 2012 and older Macs or 2013 and newer Macs,
it's completely irrelevant, you will still need
to format the USB drive, so keep that in mind.
And these down below
so you have... I can set the USB up.
There's really no need
to use that, I can just go and say
Create a Live USB, double
click on it. Select the ISO file.
Come on, load, load, load. Please.
Downloads. Thank you.
So you just select the ISO file
that you have downloaded from the net,
click on Open and you select
the device which you want here
and you go Next and click on Begin installation.
Once it's done reboot the Mac.
Actually don't reboot it, power it off
and then power it back on and
select the additional option that you get.
That should work really without
any problems, I have tested it out
and it does work, but what I
have realized that does not work is the...
is the procedure for
MacBook Pros that are older than 2012.
2012 is a borderline year,
so on some it might work from 2012,
on some it might not, I don't know.
But anything older, this procedure will apply.
The very first thing that you need to do is,
as said, consider the year
of your MacBook Pro, mine is 2011.
And then you need to have a functioning USB,
make sure that it is functional and
not defective or anything like that.
Recommended size should be...
I have my 32 gigs, which is
something that you can use,
something that I would recommend
just to make sure
that you are not out of space at all.
And I have another one,
which I'll use for this demonstration
which is 64 gigs. It might take
you a while to format larger ones,
but there really is no reason
or need to go over 32 gigs at all.
In regards to the
persistence storage on 2011 and older
somewhat tricky, I haven't managed to do that.
I have asked so many friends
and read through so many forums,
I went to hell and farther,
and then I walked some more,
and I went to the Apple service as well,
I was willing to pay them
to see what they can do about it,
and they actually did try to do it,
but they also have failed miserably,
so they didn't charge
me anything for it, which is nice.
Then I went to some other acquaintances
and we finally managed to get
some sort of a hybrid state working,
where you have one bootable
partition, which is non-persistent,
and you have another
partition, which is xte4 format
and then you can save whatever
you want there, whatever files you want
which is very nice if you want
to download files and storage them,
but also is very nice if you
want to keep your configuration.
So what you can do is
make small configuration scripts
or one big configuration script that you just run
once everytime you boot the machine up,
so it configures the live
image the way you want it to be.
I don't think it's a huge hindrance.
Basically, once you make the
script you just add the commands to it
and you just need to click it
once or run it once in order to
basically have your set-up configured
the way you want it to
be configured. On newer Macs
I'm pretty sure it shouldn't
be a problem of any kind or sort.
Let's go ahead and proceed with
this tutorial and see how this works out
and see what we can actually do and accomplish.
Be warned, it can mess your Mac up
to the point where you need to reinstall it.
Keep that in mind before you
decide to go through this procedure.
Think twice. I'm serious.
Anyway, go out onto the net,
open up your browser and find this site,
it's unetbootin.github.io.
Here, let's just type it in.
Just do it from the search and
there you go, the first one that pops out.
Make sure it's https.
It says unetbootin.github.io.
Open it up, click on Downloads for Mac OS X,
I already downloaded it,
it's in my Downloads folder,
so once you click on it,
it's gonna go into your Downloads folder
and hopefully you went into Settings and allowed
the applications to install and run from anywhere.
As I said, that puts your
computer to somewhere at risk
but that is a necessary step.
Keep in mind, I have stated
before and I am restating it,
it is not a recommended configuration.
Now that that is done,
go over to your Downloads folder
and find unetbootin, there you go.
It's right there,
that is the tool that we shall need.
That is the only thing
that you need to download from
the net, from the sites.
The rest of the files I'll provide on Udemy
from where you can actually
download them and use them.
Let's go ahead and leave
that there for the time being
and go into our Disk Utility.
Have you noticed that things on Mac
just don't tend to close
the way you want them to close?
They just get minimized, but OK, no big deal.
So Command+Espace and search for
Disk Utility, press Enter.
Open it up. At the moment I have
two USBs plugged in and I'm not gonna
wait for the burning to
complete because that will take forever,
took me forever anyway, but I will
show you what to do and how to do it.
There we go, so both of them are hooked up,
I'm using a USB hub on the
other end to plug multiple things in
because Macs suffer
apparently from a chronic lack of ports,
which is annoying beyond belief.
But OK, no problems.
Over here is the USB port
which we shall be playing
and down below is another USB which I will use
to show you where the files
are, actually I can use both of them.
So what you need to do is,
first, go ahead and hit the Toshiba
and state that you want to
erase it, so we're gonna go over to Erase
and it says MS-DOS (FAT), name Untitled.
You can change the name, let's call it Kali.
You can call it whatever you want, feel free.
Let you imagination go.
And we're gonna go ahead and state Erase.
It's warning me that I have
two partitions which will get erased.
I'm fine with that. Can't unmount the disk,
why can't you unmount the disk?
What is using it?
OK, so this might happen to you as well,
so I'm just leaving it in the tutorial.
The disk "UNTITLED" couldn't be
erased because "Terminal" is using it.
How is the terminal using it, I wonder.
Maybe I was in the folder or something.
Because the Terminal
is using it. I am not using it!
Oh, right, wait, wait.
So I might be making a
complete fool of myself here
but I'm just gonna go ahead
and try to do it one more time here
and then I'm gonna go into,
basically, forcefully, ripping it out.
Force Quit.
Yes, please, leave.
There we go, so it is out and
now we no longer have it here
which is not something we want,
so we're just gonna take
it out and then plug it back in
and see, will that help out?
Okay, Toshiba, so let's go
ahead and click on it, go into Erase,
Erase, Erase. And unmounting, come on.
Please, be successful.
OK, it's formatting the disk.
Eventually it should
finish. There we go, it is done.
We have erased it once, and
now we're gonna go into Partitions.
Let's go choose 2 partitions
and we're gonna label the first one.
I'm gonna give the first one like 9 gigs,
even though that's not gonna be usable probably,
but doesn't really matter. And the second one
is whatever remains,
doesn't really matter. At all.
So whatever the second one is,
that's what the second
one is, whatever space remains.
I'm gonna go ahead and click on Apply.
OK, so just state
Partition and let it go, let it finish.
This part shouldn't take long.
The other part can hang for quite a while
and it can be annoying. Pretty annoying.
Now the next thing that we need to do is actually
mess around with the second partition,
but we are going to do that later on.
For the time being, we're just
gonna deal with the first partition
and we're gonna attempt to create
a bootable USB on the
first partition of the drive.
So we no longer need
this. Now, I would like you to go
back into Downloads,
where our unetbootin is stored.
There we go, so just start it.
It's gonna request for your permission.
Give it.
If you want, that is.
I don't really care about
my passwords here anyway,
they're just nonsense. I will reformat
this whole drive, this whole computer
because I've done so much
stuff to it just to get this to work,
it would take way too long to fix it manually.
Okay, don't need VirtualBox at the moment.
Is unetbootin fired up?
Please, tell me that it is. Right here.
So we have unetbootin here and we're gonna say
"Diskimage", ISO, select a disk image
I'm assuming that you have
downloaded Kali from the net, here it is.
If you haven't, I mean
I always show this, I don't think less of you
but I always like to show it just in case,
because always somebody will
ask like they skipped a tutorial or two
"where can I download it?" even if I have showed it
in the previous tutorial. Just go to Kali Linux,
press Enter and look, it's here, go to Downloads
and there you go,
so you can download it from here.
You can download the ISO
or if you have a torrent client,
you can just go via torrent.
Just click on it, on the ISO,
and that's it. If you have a torrent,
you can go over to
torrents as well, a client, that is.
OK, so let's go ahead and select the amd64.iso,
say Open. It says USB Drive.
Make sure to select the
right one. Don't take the wrong drive,
this can be detrimental in the worst of senses.
Pop up the terminal. Type in...
I'm just gonna go and clear the screen.
Then I'm gonna do "diskutil list". So disk one is
says Untitled 1, Untitled 2.
Actually we could have
renamed them, but I don't really care.
You can do so if you wish.
This is the one that we need, so disk1 and disk1s1.
That's the one that we really
want, so let's go ahead and select that.
Disk1s1, that is perfectly
fine. Let's go ahead and say OK.
And this is gonna
take for... well, maybe not forever,
but don't worry if it hangs in a single file.
You see, this is 78MB, so this is gonna be longer
and then you're gonna
have another one, which is 200MB
and that's gonna take
even longer, so just let it run, let it run.
Just let it run. You see,
this is 2832MB. Just let it run.
It's gonna be a while before it finishes.
I don't know, go have
a walk, cup of coffee, whatever.
If you wanted to rename
your Kali, you can go ahead and do this:
so Disk Utility.
Come on. Please, I'm running out of time.
So during the formatting time, you can click on
Erase and then it's gonna...
then you can change the name here if you want.
If you don't want it,
you can leave it with Untitled.
Whatever you want. Anyway,
I'm gonna call this tutorial here
and we're gonna come back when this is done.